From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
a weekly discussion with web
developer and technologist Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three 43. Recorded live
Thursday, October 25th, 2012. This episode is
brought to you by Tellerik
offering the best in developer
tools and support online@telprikdotcomandbyfranklins.net training
developers to work smarter and
now offering gesture pack a
powerful gesture, recording and recognition
system for Microsoft connect for
windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In this
episode, Scott talks with Phil
Williams and creator of draw
a stick man and John
peppers lead developer for apps
at hits sets. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes.
And today we're talking about
motto and cross-platform gaming with
Phil Williams, the creator of
draw a stick man, and
the new game. Draw a
stick, man, Epic along with
John peppers. Who's the lead
developer for apps. Thanks guys
for talking to me. Thanks
for having us on. So
Phil, if I remember correctly,
draw a stick, man was
something that was on the
web a couple of the
year ago, 2011. It was
an HTML five game. Yes,
that's correct. I designed it
a little over a year
ago and we launched it
about, about a year ago
and it, it initially was
just a website. It was
an interactive web game and
we wrote it all using
a JavaScript and SVG to
do all the graphics. And
it's just a five minute
animated game, but it went
viral and we had millions
and millions of views in
a very short period of
time. And you wrote this
in HTML five. Well, just
a couple of weeks ago,
people are saying HTML five
is not ready to do
anything. Well, actually I looked
into doing HTML five and
most people who look at
the site think it's HTML
five. It's actually written using
SVG and VML wow. To
do the graphics. And that
way it will run on
very old browsers. And I
did that just because a
year ago, HTML five really
wasn't widespread enough to really
seem like that was going
to be an option that
the majority of our users
would have been able to
play. So it is really
neat because it doesn't use
any plugins at all and
it'll run on pretty much
any browser, make sure that
folks understand. When I say
HTML five people usually think
CSS, A certain level of
JavaScript support canvas, which has
the ability to slap pixels
up on the screen. And
you used SVG, scalable vector
graphics and in VML vector
markup language for I E
and then you manipulated those
vectors with JavaScript. That's exactly
right. Yes. And the extra
level of complexity on top
of that, I knew to
be able to do that
kind of animation, I was
going to need some kind
of design tool. So I
actually wrote a program that
would take flash animation and
convert it into a, into
a format, into a Jaison
format that I could then
read in and animate using
vectors in SVG and VML.
So I actually created the
initial animation in flash, and
then it ran it through
a lot of conversion to
make it all happen. That's
clever. Cause I was immediately
thinking, you know, SVG is
one of these technologies that
everyone loves to talk about
how wonderful it is. But
then when you say, well,
show me the really great
SVG editor that you're using.
They always say, well, I
write it in illustrator. And
then I export it. Exactly.
Yeah. That's the big problem
to, to develop something with
that much animation, you have
to have some kind of
development tool. And that's why
I had to write this
conversion program to begin with.
Okay. So break it down
for me. I have my
kids play it, but I
want to understand, let's talk
about like the, the general
concept behind stick men, and
then we'll dig into the
tech. Okay. So you go
to this website and it
asks you to draw a
stick man. And so you
draw this stick, man. And
then he comes to life
and he starts going on
this adventure and he starts
walking across the screen and
asking you to draw various
things, to help him in
this adventure. So he'll ask
you to draw a key,
to open a box and
he eventually fights the dragon
and you have to draw
a sword. And it just
has a lot of different
surprises. But the fascinating thing
about it is that the
objects that you draw, the
Sikh man will use in
this kind of lifelike manner
and he'll actually move around.
So, so the neat thing
is seeing your drawings come
to life through this adventure.
I play this with my
kids and it's funny because
I was completely blown away.
Cause they, they draw a
man and then his feet
start moving and he starts
walking around and you know,
I'm freaking out and they're
like, yeah, you know, that's
of course that's how it
should work. Yeah. It's been
neat. Seeing the different react
in a different people. We,
we definitely get from, from,
from developers, we really get
this fascination with, how did
it happen? How did you
actually do this kind of
thing from more artsy type
people? They're, they're more saying,
well, that, that is how
it should work, but they're
really excited about it because
it's sort of their dream
come true. This is, this
is the way life should
be, where you can draw
things and they come into
life. But then we really
never even it for kids.
But we have a huge
following of course with kids
because it it's something that
the kids love to do
just to be able to
draw things and see them
come to life. So it's
really become a huge market
for us, even though that's
never what we had in
mind to begin with. Do
you think this is a,
is this a game for
adults? I mean, like, I
think it's funny that we
have all of these like
30 year old, 35 year
old professionals playing angry birds.
And it seems to me
like it's a game for
12 year olds, but then
it starts to ratchet up
the difficulty. And then I
realized that I'm not smart
enough to play angry. Birds
is this is Epic stick
man. Get pretty or stick
man, Epic rather get pretty
hardcore towards the end there.
Or is it all very
accessible? It does get pretty
difficult towards the end. We
did design it with, with
adults in mind. We believe
it will have a big
appeal to kids, but we
did actually design it more
as a, as a game
for adults. So that that's
kind of our target market.
So when you have a
game that is those vectors
and SVG, then I assume
that, is there some bitmap,
like when he's walking around
in the forest, is that
a big giant PNG? And
then you're just floating that
around or is that also
a SVG? That's correct. It's
it is a bit map
image on, on the website.
The stuff that you draw
will is vectors, but everything
else is actually PNG images.
And we did that for
performance. You can obviously draw
a P and G to
the screen much faster than
you can draw a series
of vector lines and there's
really no need to display
anything else in vectors besides
the stick man, and the
objects that you draw, This
would be interesting if it
were just a website and
you can go to draw
a stick man and learn
about it. But what I
think is interesting, why I
wanted to have you on
the phone and, and John
peppers has been so kind
as to sit quietly for
a moment here is that
if you go to, you
know, Epic dot drastic man.com
and scroll down a little
bit, it says devices and
it says iPhone, iPad, Android,
Android, tablet, windows, eight desktop
windows. They tell it you've
got this running everywhere. And
that went from being Oh,
interesting. He's written something in
HTML 4.9, which I'm going
to, I've just decided to
call that what you did,
HTML 4.9, by the way,
we'll see if we can
make that catch on drawing
everything in SPG and VML.
It's just one, one smaller
than HTML five. You've poured
it over basically everywhere. So
you're actually gonna L you
you've launched on windows eight
and iPhone at the exact
same time, which seems impossible
to me. You, you reached
out to John or do
you work at the same
company? We work at the
same company and my department
we've been using that. And
so we're pretty familiar with
mobile platforms and using C
sharp cross-platform apps. And so
our first step was to
take, you know, Phil's workflow
where he can design things
in flash and export it,
and then write a quick
little C-sharp game engine that
loads that up and then
can animate everything. So he's
got the same, same workflow
you had before, but, you
know, we have several animators
and designers who can lay
out levels. They can animate
enemies to walk around even
layout positions where here's where
this enemy can get hurt
or here's what this enemy
can hurt and your stick
man and so forth. So
that's the, just, that's how
it works. Okay. I'm trying
to break down in my
mind. Like, of course, whenever
you see a game and
you're a programmer, you're trying
to like write it in
your head as you look
at it. So you've got,
you've got stick, man. And
I'm imagining that he's in
a rectangle and that there's
a mesh applied to him.
That indicates how you're going
to distort him to make
it look like he's walking
around. Yes. And it's kind
of interesting how we animate
drawings in the new game.
What Phil does is he
lays out a a hundred
by a hundred square and
flash. And what we do
is we treat that as
a percentage to apply to
all the points within the
drawing. So he has a
nice little fire animation and
it kinda kind of looked
like a fire flickering and
the stick man's walk is
the same way. So you
apply that over, you take
it that you take the
vector and you out, you
know, are you, are you
turning it into a raster?
Are you doing everything as
a vector? Even manipulating it
in memory as a vector?
Yeah. In the game. It
is. Yeah, just basically a
list of vectors. And we
kind of draw lines between
each point. And so that
list of vectors, we, we
apply this distortion, every frame
as defined and flash. And
so that gives him the
whole walking animation. In addition
to some, we might have
some other manual code tweaks
to make him look better,
but that's the gist of
it. So then there's other
things that you draw and
then, you know what the
user's going to draw. You're
kind of taking a guess
as to, you know, I
hope that their stick man
looks human. Like if I
do a stick, man that
looked like a horse, it
might move kind of weird.
Yeah. There is an algorithm
to find his feet and
his hands, which is all
done in C sharp. That's
not something on the design
end, but it seems to
work pretty well. As long
as you don't draw something
very strange. I think that
the negative testing would be
an interesting and interesting thing
to experiment with in this
game. Right. So then he's
walking around against these PNGs,
but can he, he can't
walk through trees. Are you
keeping track of the positions
of all the different obstacles
to make sure that he's,
even though he's walking up
on a bitmap, you've got
a path laid out for
him. That's correct. In, in
the, in the flash portion
of, of designing the game,
let's say they're creating a
tree. They'll have here's the
state when the tree is
about to burn, or here's
a state where the tree
is normal in each of
those States, there's a list
of collision boxes that get
applied with any enemy or,
or the player, or, you
know, so forth. And it,
an enemy's walls will have
other things like that. Will
they move this far on
this frame and that kind
of thing. Do things ever
get out of sync? You've
got the flash animations, you've
got the SVG generated stuff.
You've got all of this
feeding from his original animations.
And now into a cross
platform game written in C
sharp, how do you keep
things in sync? Both from
an engine's perspective and from
a behavioral perspective and an
artistic one Use the same
source control repository, which I
think helps that we have
that. So even the designers,
you know, they saved their
flash projects in there. And
then at some point when
they decide it's ready, they
they'll export that. And in
our format, and that gets
committed as well. So when
we make a bill that
is kind of a big
deal, we have to make
sure we got everything, latest,
everything you had to play
through every level, make sure
everything's okay. So I know
down the road updates are
going to be interesting to
see how that goes. Did
you take existing frameworks to
go and write this? I
mean, we hear about Moto
and those of us who,
who have played with it
like it, but I don't
think that it's obvious maybe
to the listener, how they
would suddenly start writing a
game in motto. They might
be familiar with things like
the X and a framework,
but how does mano enable
me to write a game
that runs anywhere Taking advantage
of a open source project
called mano game? And what
it is is basically the
X and a API, but
implemented on all the platforms.
So on iOS, they have,
they provide this X and
a API, but under the
hood, it runs open GL.
And so for windows eight,
for example, they provided an,
an X and an implementation,
even though Microsoft hasn't. So,
you know, they've kind of
implemented X and a to
work for Metro, which is
not. But the implication is
that you could ride an
exit game on windows and
very quickly put that game
to iOS and you might
have to change how input
works or, or tweak a
few things. But for the
most part, it is very
straightforward for different platforms. So
does this mean that this
is a series of interfaces
I can count on or
a series of classes that
can count on being there?
And I just change namespaces
or is it a matter
of just swapping references? Yeah.
Well, it's not even a
change of namespaces an X
and a, you have a
game class and a Sprite
batch class. Those are kind
of the building blocks along
with vector too, and some
other objects, but those are
implemented exactly the same as
Microsoft did for X and
a. So you can expect
everything to work the same
and the API is, are
the same. So that's really
what gets you the power
to go across platform because
you don't have to rewrite
any code other than, you
know, input or minor things
like how you save your
game files and so forth.
Hey, this is Scott and
I am really excited about
these guys. This is a
special offer from our friends
at DN simple, true story.
Carl reached out to Dan
simple to ask them if
they wanted to advertise with
Hansel minutes, because we liked
them that much. I was
a kind of a funny
thing. They didn't come to
us. We went to them
because we think DNSimple is
great. It's a hosted DNS
service that you use to
manage your domain names. Prices
started about $3 a month
for up to 10 managed
domains. You can also use
DNS simple to register domain
names, purchase SSL certificates. All
of my domains have been
moved off of GoDaddy and
are now at DN simple.
I like it because there's
an application on my iPhone.
I can manage my DNS
from there. There's an API
that you can use. The
best part actually is these
one click services. So you
can register a domain, get
it up and running in
a couple of minutes and
then go in and apply
services to it. So you
can say this domain is
for Google apps and this
domain is forget. Hub pages
in this domain is preposterous,
and they know the DNS
records and set them up
for you. Even for something
as complicated as Google apps,
there's like 11 different settings.
You need to create, they
handle it all for you.
So here's the deal. They've
got a special 30 day
trial. You can cancel at
any time, but Hansel minutes
listeners get three months of
free DNS service. So you've
got a DN, simple.com/h M
special deal for Hansel minutes.
Listeners just visit DN simple.com/h
M Hanselman. His listeners get
three months of free DNS
service love these guys. They're
so nice. DN, simple hosted
DNS, check them out. So
this reminds me of, of
wine and the idea behind
wine, the wine is not
an emulator. It's the windows
kind of thunking layer over
for, for Linux. So you
can run some windows applications
on, you know, unchanged on
a Linux machine because it
translates at real time. You
know, the calls that a
wind 32 developer would make
into an appropriate Linux calls.
So you're saying that you're
making X and a direct
X calls and it's them
into open jail. And so
they, they, of course, mano
game has, you know, a
wide range of, of code
changes between each platform, but
they provide the same API
to the developer using Monica,
which is amazing. How much
code are you able to
reuse? I've heard people writing,
you know, what I call
text boxes, over data type
business applications in, in Moto
and going from platform to
platform. And they, they always
talk about reusing the view
model, which is kind of
the lowest common denominator. You
know, here's a bunch of
structures I can reuse those.
So you might get 20,
30% reuse, but what kind
of reuse are you guys
getting? Cause you have a
lot of platforms to support,
Right? We're actually getting around
95% and the, the different
code is, are things like,
Oh, we have a upgrade
to pro button here. So
the link is different or,
you know, an iOS, we
saved the game in a
completely different place when our
T for example. And so
like, if, if it was
just a regular windows app,
we might save the game
in my documents or someplace,
you know, you would expect,
well, iOS has a built
in way to save settings
for apps that we want
to take advantage of that
where we can, it also
backs up to iCloud that
way. That seems almost impossible
if I, if do I,
can I look at this
in visual studio? And I
would see a solution Explorer
with like a core engine
that is like a, for
lack of a better phrase,
a portable library, a mano
library, and then the rest
of it would be targets.
Well, it's, it's a little
more complicated. There is a
core library. And then for
each platform, there is a,
a project to run the
game in that platform. But
we do have, we have
to duplicate the core library
and kind of link in
the different files. So, you
know, like we might have
an, an X and a
one where all the files
are actually kept. Well, the
iOS one would have the
core library and linked to
all the files. That way
you don't commit the file
multiple times. And you can,
you can use a preprocessor
statements to do things on
different platforms, if you need
to, which for the most
part, it hasn't been, we
haven't had to do that
a whole lot. So this
is not binary reuse in
the sense of, I compiled
the stick man dot Corp,
and everyone just talks to
that DLL, this is its
source level reuse. It's still
95%, but this allows you
to kind of if Def
your way around things. And
part of the reason for
that is on iOS monitor
actually compiled down the same
way an objective C app
would. So you can't use
a straight net library just
on iOS. You do need
to recompile it, but some
of the other platforms would
be able to reuse it.
Like if it was just
a windows standard windows app,
it could reference the, when
our T library, for example,
There was a conference a
couple of weeks ago that
used to be called space
and was renamed to monkey
space. And it's, it's an,
it's a cross platform, an
opensource.net conference. And it's, it's
organized by a nonprofit called
monkey square and in an
interest of full disclosure, I'm
on the board of the
monkey square nonprofit organization, which
is not related to why
you guys are on the
show. It's coincidence at monkey
space. Miguel de Caza said,
he thought it was really
cool. That C-sharp is basically
the only core only language
that lets you target all
the app stores. And I
thought what a good quote
and what a, what a
strong statement. What do you,
what do you think about
that? The idea that this
language is how you target
every app store that is
out there. Yeah. I agree
with that. Even in just
making like a line of
business application, you can like,
we've been able to reuse
around 50% of the code
that is all dependent on
how many, how complicated your
UI is, because you do
have to reuse, rewrite the
UI on each platform, but
using C sharp. I mean,
you can share so much
code and every line of
code that is shared, you
don't have to write three
times. Cause every day we
have a new platform coming
out. We have windows eight,
Metro, we have desktop app,
we have Android iOS and,
and who knows down the
road, what will happen When,
when you're writing a game
you're throwing, you're kind of
throwing pixels up on a
screen. So really screen size,
I think would be the
hardest once you've got the
pixel on the screen, it's
really just a matter of
dealing with, with screen size,
with a business app, you
know, you really kind of
are rewriting the UI. You
don't want to write something
and you can't really write
a UI that would look
the same on an iPad
versus an Android, unless you
were using some, cross-platform a
set of widgets. Otherwise then
you're back in the Java
days where you, you write
it once and it looks
like Java everywhere, Right? So
you want to be able
to take advantage of the
native controls that each platform
support. So on iOS, you
want to use all the
UI kit controls, the nice
table views and buttons and
everything that feels like iOS,
but you want to do
that on Android as well.
So I think this really
is the best sharp is
the best solution for using
native controls and sharing code
at the same time. Do
you know of any other
game developers in your kind
of like, I assume you
guys all hang out, like,
I, I imagine it's like
top gun and then after
work, you all go to
the game developer bar and
you hang out with all
the other game developers and
then like, there is like
the ice man and there's
goose and everybody. And do
you talk to these other
game developers and they go,
Hey, you guys are using
C sharp, your bunch of
punches. Well, we are traditionally
just a custom software company
here. So this is our
first foray into gaming. Now
we do, we do talk
a lot with Xamarin guide,
but that is, they're not
necessarily game developers. So I
don't know if we really
have heard much from guys
saying, Oh, you gotta do
it in C plus plus,
or how can you make
a game and see if
we haven't really met anyone
who had that opinion yet?
Well, I understand that that
there's a lot of push
towards doing C plus plus,
and that windows eight has
a renewed, it has renewed
interest in native development and
they're making, you know, making
C plus plus more accessible.
And I wonder if given
that you've got objective C
on the iOS devices, how
are people porting all these
games from place to place?
You know, I'm kind of
imagining in my mind, like,
okay, she'll someone wrote angry
birds in iOS, and now
it's on, on out's on
windows. That's going to be
somebody rewrote that thing. Well,
you guys are gonna be
able to move faster, I
assume, and even add levels
to your stuff in a
pretty easy, pretty easy way.
Right? Yeah. I think traditional
games, they do have to
rewrite most of the game
on each platform. Like I
think some of them do
take advantage of scripting. Like
they might use Lula for
example, some of the logic
and the levels and so
forth, but they would still
have to rewrite the engine
for each platform so that
they would have a job
one on Android and an
objective C one on iOS.
And it is a lot
of work to go that
route. Yeah. It does seem
like that idea of a
core engine that speaks a
scripting language kind of started
with that, a scum S
C U M M Lucas
arts kind of style and
things like King's quest where
you've got all of these
assets and then you've got
this core engine and then
you want to make it
really easy to describe interactions.
Do you have any other
languages other than C sharp
in the application? It's just
the sharp, if, if you
would consider everything we define
and slash as a language,
it is, it is more
of like a big blob
of data, like, you know,
right, right. But yeah, C
sharp is really the only
language we're to use down
the road. We might consider
writing a JavaScript engine to
just run this game in
the browser normally, which that
is definitely a possibility. So
the separation is that clear,
like you could have the
asset blob and then have
an engine bring that down
and it could conceivably start
using canvas rather than .
Yeah, that's correct. When, when
you guys were working on,
on, on windows, and this
is just my own curiosity,
because I, I have an
Android, like I don't have
an Android. I have an
HP touchpad that I routed.
I have an iPad. So
I'm familiar with Android and
iOS. I'm just now getting
familiar with windows eight. I've
done a couple videos on
how to use it and
stuff, but I don't know
a lot about it from
a gaming perspective. And I've
heard that people say, when
you're in full screen, you
know, when you're in a
windows store app, rather than
a desktop app, there's concern
about not having the ability
to do certain things like
you're in some kind of
a sandbox, did you have
to bump up against any
ideas, like any issues like
that? Any, any security or
sandboxing issues where you wanted
to do something, but it
simply wasn't available in the
API. Yeah. For the most
part, you know, this game
doesn't do anything to your
system as far as needing
to, you know, interact with
your desktop. So, you know,
the only thing that is
persistent is saving your safe
game. There is, there are
clear API for saving files
and a windows store app.
So that, that would be
a code that we'd have
to rewrite just the act
of saving our saved game
against the desktop app, which
we would just save a
file somewhere. Basically. I mentioned,
I cried though, do you
save to iCloud on iPad
so that I can move
between iPhone and iPad and
have my level maintained? Yes.
There is a standard settings
API that every app can
take advantage of on iOS.
So we just kind of
stuff, your saved game information
into the iOS settings, which
is kind of backed up
by a cloud and so
forth. Is it backed up
by a cloud? The reason
I ask is that like
angry birds is like the
most popular app on the
planet, except I have to
keep restarting it every time
I moved to a new
device. I wonder if I
could move if there was
a world where I could
move amongst all of these
devices and have my game
stay the same. I think
that's possible the way our
games implemented. I don't, I'm
not sure if your saved
game would pull over just
like angry birds, but That'd
be a cool, well, the
angry birds doesn't do it.
That's why I'm angry about
it either. I'm pretty upset
about it actually. So I
could save a like on
windows eight. I could I
save in the, my saved
game in the, in SkyDrive
in a cloud. Yeah. I
think theoretically you could, I
think that's something we'd have
to add as a feature
To the game. I don't
think there's a straightforward API
for doing that, but I
certainly think that's a great
idea. Yeah, absolutely. So what's
next for you guys? Are
you going to create like
a, I mean, you know,
Phil had this great idea
and you guys have put
it together with this great
team. Now it seems to
me like it's, it's time
to go kind of a
little big planet and start
letting me draw my own
level and then share it
with my friend tossed around
ideas like that. Maybe the
world is still adding some
depth to the game, like
a flat land, a little,
little, little, one dimension, two
dimensional guy finds himself in
the big, big world or
paper Mario. That's a good
example, plays around with dimensions
in that game. Yeah, we
have, we've had, we really
have talked quite a bit
about letting the player design
more of their world and
interact more with it. And
that's really a direction we
would like to go, especially
because the, the stick man
concept just really lends itself
to creation. That's kinda what
it's all about. So that's
really a direction that we've
kind of been talking about
for, especially the last couple
of weeks after we finished
up this game, we've been
kind of talking about what,
where to go next. And
that's been a big discussion
point. I think what's great
about it from a gaming
from freshman, from a gaming
perspective, but from an accessibility
perspective is that it's not
intimidating. Like there's no judgment.
You draw a stick, man.
Everyone can draw a stick,
man. And then you don't
drop him into a world
where everything is perfect, 3d
rendered art. You know what
I mean? It's like, it
feels like other people drew
stick men too. You know,
some of the artists sophisticated,
like the monster, some is
pretty basic like rocks and
things. And you don't feel
like you're being judged as
an artist. So I like
the idea of being able
to either to have multiplayer
stick, man, where you could
have your friends run around
in there. I mean, you
really could go and do
a lot of stuff. You've
got the whole, like the
Sims, you know, the stick
man version of the Sims.
There's a lot of really
fun things you could do.
And being able to do
it across devices is even
better. If I could play
on my windows eight machine
while my kids are simultaneously
on my iPad, that would
be fun. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
I think those are definitely
directions that we, we, we
want to go into and
they're definitely directions that we're
researching and looking at right
now. I think the multiplayer,
there's a huge amount of
opportunity. The neat thing about
this is it's just such
a unique concept that everyone
we talk to has, has
all sorts of visions for
it. Just because it is
such a creative thing that
a lot of people have
just never really thought about
or seen before. Was it
important to you To get
this on as many devices
as possible? I mean, a
lot of popular games started
on iPhone and iPad and
then we waited a year
or two as they moved
their way around angry birds
being the obvious example. But
you're launching on everything all
the time, right off the
bat. Was that important? Like
did you say I want
it everywhere. That's been a
big thing with this game.
When we previously launched our,
we created some iOS apps
that basically just showed the
Stickman website in an app
and we just had it
on iOS. And we showed
that at the South by
Southwest conference last year or
the beginning of this year
and a huge number of
people ask us why we
hadn't developed it for Android.
And so that was really,
that's when we started really
thinking about, okay, we need
to make a new game
and we need to make
it where it's going to
be on all the platforms
because that's what the customers
want. That was one of
our biggest goals. When we
started making this game. Did
you talk to the Microsoft
guys at all or work
with them? Was it important
to be on windows eight
at lunchtime? Yeah, we actually
did a, we were reached
out by a developer group
in Chicago. They're kind of
close to where we are,
but basically they wanted to
see if it was possible
to get this game on
launch date for windows eight.
And they've helped us out
as far as making sure
we're ready for the store
assisted maybe with some design
ideas or there are a
few things in windows eight,
they might consider taking advantage
of like there's an app
bar that pops out from
the side so forth, but
you know, they have helped
us in getting ready for
windows. So you're available now
in the, in the store.
People can go up and
check you out and download
you. Now, is there, is
there a trial or what's
the initial pricing? There are
two versions of the game.
There's a, a free version
with three levels and it
does, it is ad supported,
but then the full version
has 14 levels and no
ads or anything. And the,
the full version is 99 cents
for iPhone. But then like
windows eight, an iPad. It's
a dollar 99. Right? Cool.
Well, that's so great. I
wish you guys all the
best. This is exciting. And
I'm hearing kind of underneath
all of this. You're saying
it's ready to go. Mano
game is something that we
can start doing. That's correct
To you guys. And folks
can check this out at
Epic dot draw stick, man.com.
I'm sure that they can
Google their brains out for
draw a stick, man. Cause
you guys are taking over
the world on every platform
available. Thanks for chatting with
me. This has been another
episode of Hanselminutes and we'll
see you again next week.